SARAALERT-1698: Revise the README in the Github config directory (#1254)
SaraAlert/SaraAlert: config/sara/README.md

# Jurisdiction Configuration

The jurisdictions in `config/sara/jurisdictions.yml` file follow a hierarchical structure. A jurisdiction has a name,
which is the key and some optional values:

> - `phone`, `webpage`, `email` - jurisdiction contact information that will only be shown if populated

Reviewer: Mention where this information will be shown

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/09f765ebf231a8cfc1897e10b648ac8eb5f27be0

> - `message` - custom jurisdiction message

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/09f765ebf231a8cfc1897e10b648ac8eb5f27be0

> - `send_digest` - sends assessment reminder to patients if `true`

Reviewer: This is not what `send_digest` does

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/09f765ebf231a8cfc1897e10b648ac8eb5f27be0

- `send_close` - sends closed notification to patients who are reporters if `true`
- `symptoms` - defines the symptoms that the jurisdiction tracks. A jurisdiction tracks the symptoms that it specifies **_IN ADDITION TO_** the symptoms specified by all of its parent jurisdictions (i.e., ancestors)
- `children` - the children of a jurisdiction are nested jurisdictions that may have their own properties which override their parents' properties if populated, which are the same as listed here

## Symptoms

> A `symptom` will be identified by its name, which is the key in the symptom object, a `value`, `type`, `required`, `group` and `threshold_operator`.

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
A member of the `symptoms` list will be identified by its name, which is the key in the symptom object, a `value`, `type`, `required`, `group` and `threshold_operator`.
```

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/09f765ebf231a8cfc1897e10b648ac8eb5f27be0

> A `symptom` will be identified by its name, which is the key in the symptom object, a `value`, `type`, `required`, `group` and `threshold_operator`.

Reviewer: Missing `notes` here

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/09f765ebf231a8cfc1897e10b648ac8eb5f27be0

### type

Available values for the `type` field in a symptom are `FloatSymptom`, `IntegerSymptom`, or `BoolSymptom`.

### group

The group parameter specifies how many symptoms within the same group must pass their threshold values in order to be considered symptomatic. This enables the ability to construct assessments that will be considered symptomatic in the case where N or more of a group of symptoms pass their threshold values. eg: Cough, Fever or any two of Difficulty Breathing, Headache or Vomit. This example would be acheived by setting the Cough and Fever symptoms to be in group 1, and the Difficulty Breathing, Headache and Vomit symptoms to be in group 2. When a group is not specified the default value is 1.
Note: Sub-jurisdictinos can add symptoms to groups, but should not be specifying their own groups.

### required

The `required` field can either take the value `true` or `false`. Only symptoms with `required` set to `true` will be taken into consideration during symptomatic assessment calculation. Additionally, symptoms that have the `required` attribute set to `false` will be omitted from the voice and SMS assessment prompts.

> ## Translations and Notes

Reviewer: Since this still pertains to the Symptoms
```suggestion
### Translations and Notes
```

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/09f765ebf231a8cfc1897e10b648ac8eb5f27be0

> Each symptom supports the inclusion of a more descriptive sentence about what the symptom entails. This, as well as the translations for each symptom name are defined in a locale file under `config/locales`. When adding symptoms, you MUST include entries for these symptoms in each locale!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each symptom supports `notes`, which is a more descriptive sentence about what the symptom entails. This, as well as the translations for each symptom name are defined in a locale file under `config/locales`. When adding symptoms, you MUST include entries for these symptoms in each locale!
```

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/09f765ebf231a8cfc1897e10b648ac8eb5f27be0

## Example:

In the configuration below, the USA jurisdiction will have 3 symptoms, these symptoms will apply to the
USA jurisdiction as well as ALL of its nested children, meaning that all jurisdictions all the way down
to the county-level jurisdictions will inherit these symptoms. State 1 has specified its own symptoms which
will be added to the symptoms that it inherited from its parent jurisdiction, these symptoms will be applied
to State 1, and the children of State 1 (County 1 and County 2). In other words, a monitoree in State 1,

> County 1 or County 2 will be asked about 5 total symptoms as part of their assessments, whereas a monitoree in State 2 or County 3 would only be asked about 3 symptoms. Assessments which have 2 or more of the required group symptoms (Fever) will be considered symptomatic.

Reviewer: The last sentence confuses me. I think it should just be removed, unless I'm just being dumb (in which case let me know)
```suggestion
County 1 or County 2 will be asked about 5 total symptoms as part of their assessments, whereas a monitoree in State 2 or County 3 would only be asked about 3 symptoms.
```

# Jurisdiction Configuration

The jurisdictions in `config/sara/jurisdictions.yml` file follow a hierarchical structure. A jurisdiction has a name,
which is the key and some optional values:

- `phone`, `webpage`, `email` - jurisdiction contact information that will only be shown if populated
- `message` - custom jurisdiction message
- `send_digest` - sends assessment reminder to patients if `true`
- `send_close` - sends closed notification to patients who are reporters if `true`,

> - `symptoms` - defines the symptoms that the jurisdiction which they belong to would like to track, said jurisdiction will track the symptoms that it specifies **_IN ADDITION TO_** the symptoms specified by all of it's parent jurisdictions

Author: thanks for the suggestion!

https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/9a3b6995429820e1d925e290122e5d5f1188b1f9

- `children` - the children of a jurisdiction are nested jurisdictions that may have their own properties, which are the same as listed here

## Symptoms

A `symptom` will be identified by it's name, which is the key in the symptom object, a `value`, `type`, `required`, `group` and `threshold_operator`.

### value

> The `value` of a symptom defines the threshold of the symptom, this is the value that is considered as

Author: thanks for the suggestion!

https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/9a3b6995429820e1d925e290122e5d5f1188b1f9

will be compared using the specified `threshold_operator` to the specified `value` and will be considered as symptomatic. if the result of the comparison is true.

### threshold_operator

Available values for the `threshold_operator` field are `Less Than`, `Less Than Or Equal`,
`Greater Than`, `Greater Than Or Equal`, `Equal` and `Not Equal`.

### type

Available values for the `type` field in a symptom are `FloatSymptom`, `IntegerSymptom`, or `BoolSymptom`.

### group

The group parameter specifies how many symptoms within the same group must pass their threshold values in order to be considered symptomatic. This enables the ability to construct assessments that will be considered symptomatic in the case where N or more of a group of symptoms pass their threshold values. eg: Cough, Fever or any two of Difficulty Breathing, Headache or Vomit. This example would be acheived by setting the Cough and Fever symptoms to be in group 1, and the Difficulty Breathing, Headache and Vomit symptoms to be in group 2. When a group is not specified the default value is 1.
Note: Sub-jurisdictinos can add symptoms to groups, but should not be specifying their own groups.

### required

> 

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/9a3b6995429820e1d925e290122e5d5f1188b1f9

The `required` field can either take the value `true` of `false`. Only symptoms with `required` set to `true` will be taken into consideration during symptomatic assessment calculation. Additionally, symptoms that have the `required` attribute set to `false` will be omitted from the voice and SMS assessment prompts.

## Translations and Notes

Each symptom supports the inclusion of a more descriptive sentence about what the symptom entails. This, as well as the translations for each symptom name are defined in a locale file under `config/locales`. When adding symptoms, you MUST include entries for these symptoms in each locale!

## Example:

In the configuration below, the USA jurisdiction will have 3 symptoms, these symptoms will apply to the
USA jurisdiction as well as ALL of it's nested children, meaning that all jurisdictions all the way down

> to the county-level jurisdictions will inherit these symptoms. State 1 has specified it's own symptoms which

Author: https://github.com/SaraAlert/SaraAlert/pull/1254/commits/9a3b6995429820e1d925e290122e5d5f1188b1f9

            # The expected threshold value for bool_values should always be true
            value: true
            type: 'BoolSymptom'
            required: true
            threshold_operator: 'Equal'
            group: 1
        'Difficulty Breathing':
            value: true
            type: 'BoolSymptom'
            required: true
            threshold_operator: 'Equal'
            group: 1
        'Fever':
            value: true
            type: 'BoolSymptom'
            notes: 'Feeling feverish or have a measured temperature at or above 100.4°F/38°C'
            required: true
            threshold_operator: 'Equal'
            group: 2
    # Jurisdictions follow a hierarchy, the hierarchy is defined by nesting jurisdictions
    # in the children: field
    children:
        'State 1':
            phone: '+13455555555'
            webpage: 'www.example.com'
            email: 'contact@example.com'

>             message: 'This Is a Custom Jurisdiction Message'

Reviewer: Let's remove this line given that `messge` is not used.

Reviewer: Let's also remove it from `config/sara/jurisdictions.yml`
